In profile after siging in with google account in profile settings  “Settings”-> “App Settings” in --> “Notifications” box  which is fourth box on setting page correct this that when user turn off “Push Notications” it either alaso make all other notications symbols also to turn off button visul  and either make them also editbale tuen on I donot know either ppush notication is linked with other notications  correct this logicallay on an doff off of noticatio buttons logically parcaticallay usage based. 
Also in profile in settings ta vey end  “Delete Account” button dodnot delete account make sure it dletes accounts after confirmation at same page same place of delete button . in profile in “Marks”  “Total Marks” of Matric, FSC,ENTRY TEST are not editable make them editable that user itself cantotal marks and make entry tests marks field optional in setting up profile may at setting time student dindot have give nay test. So make total marks fields of all test, marks of matric na dinter editable and enetry test marks field optional. And in that page dodnot say him to calculate maerit main button keep there is save that marks in profile and assecandary buttons you can optionaly ask him calculate merit or find universitsies but in profile page such complexity is not recommended.
The search bar  on home page is just working 30% correct and left70% its not working mean itsearch university when complete university name spell by spell entered , it did not search university based on university nick name (like lums,cui,pieas, cust also other universities their nick names)  which is many times mentioned in university urls  and sometimes the nick name of university popular in peoples you can know also by searching on google like for comsats nick name is cui. Make sure universities also listed when user search university nick name.
Seraching “Scholarships” keyword also names of scholrships cannot show that particular scholarship in results make this completely working that when user search scholarship in general or by name it move user to “Scholarships” page also list thatspecific scholarship which user is searching for.now this not workinh0% working make it completely working also make sure when user enter nick names of scholrships search bar also show that specific scholarship in results
In homepage when I click “Twinkel sparkle button” __ which is just next to “Browse Universities” button in home page also in Quick Actions in “AI Match”for getting recommndations .after enetring marks and selecting preferences and after reviewing when I click “Get Results” Button  It shows “No Matches Page ”even the marks I enetrd are too good so this recommendation feature not working not performing search and not recommending universities, now this feature of results is 0% working make it 100% working. also make sure at according marks and prefrences it recommend correct universities. Also if marks are bad it recommend no university.make this feature functional.
In homepage in “Your Progress” box the stats it shows of universities explored, scholrships saved. Days to deadlines are completely wrong, it is not showing correct stats also database at backend not  working 0% working to show stats. Make it 100% working so each time user updated and correct stats shows.
In “Homepage” in “Career Guidance” majority listed carees like mbbs, dentisy, chartered accountant ,llb and many other careers durations and career roadmap you write wrong write correct according Pakistan, now just this career guidance is just 20% correct make it 100% accurate ccorrect authentic . also it did not list all careers list all careers in career guidance.


In “Üniversities” page its  “Search bar” is not working smoothly, not correctly, after entering each alphabet the keyboard disappears and laso not performing search operation. Make search bar smooth , correctly working now its just working1% make it 100% correct working correct entring of words also correct searching.
In “Universities” many universities are duplicated mean two or more times in list so remove this redundancy in complete list of universities.
In “Universities” page cliking on More than majority universities shows “Something Went wrong Try agin”page. And for those this error did not come their main page opens but their “Admisission” and “Aid”  subpages show this error “Something went wrong try again” page.fix this show correct data in universities pages and subpages make than 100% functional now 0% solved fixation required to 100%
In “Universities” page for all universities these are completely wrong “Established Date”, “Ranking”, “Campases”, “Programs list” , “Merit lists”(last years) for all universities is required.now 0% working 100% fixation required
Many universities logos is missing in universities list. For 60% universities working 40% universities logo is misiisng fixation required.
In Universities page when you list all universities in universities page  I see one blank box space after “Muslim Youth University” and before “NFC institute of engineering” why this blank space in list remove this extra blank space correct this.


In “Scholarships” page  the “”Selected Universities” dropdown filter donot list all universities it missessmany universities list alla universities which offer those scholarships.
In Scholraships  page all scholrships offered by all universities  are not listed.
Many Universities donot apply their students data through official websites they have focal perosns internal process an dthen that focal person apply also in all scholarships must write first confirm from university or university focal person process either to apply through website or through university .in all scholrahips where needed write this 
The issues main issues in scholrshaips page which are 0% solved 100% wrong now need100% correction (for scholrships page “Scholrahip coverge percent” for all scholarships is required to fill in very first box of each scholrships page.
For scholarhip page correct “Monthly stipend” and “Income Limit” “Scholarship Application Deadline” is required for all scholarships.
In scholarship page for all scholsrhips in each scholarship “Apply now ”  it directs to wrong page “Scholrship webite pages” links for all scholarships are required for correct direction .)

In “Universities” and “Scholrships” page the  round blue button at right end of page shown  the button of “Tools” when cliking on it it shows all  5 tools , all pagesafter cliking that  circular round blue button of tools which has calculator icon on it after clicking the page it shows where all tools are listed that page is OVERLAPED from top not correct adjustment of ui elements from very top of page it is submerged from top allaso the ame issue with all 5 tools pages they all submerged from top correct this issue 100% correct this issue make correct ui of pages.
from “Grade Converter” tool remove “CGPA to percentge” and “Percentage to CGPA” feature just  leave “Olevels to matric” and “A levels to inter”.
In “Olevels to matric” and “A levels to matric” it now just allaow to select grade for just one subjects not for all subjects mean if in all my all subjcts my  same grade comes so how would to select same grade multiple times for subjects in rade to matric and inter calculator. So make sure for each subject grade entry feature is added just like for now user just enter one grade marks also user choose how many subjects he has and those subjects grade .also make suure applay limit that obtained marks not geater than total marks.
For “Target calculator” make sure itsprediction must correct based on percentage and factual data  authentic reliable.
 In tools the “Custom Formula Builder” makes  custom formula but the issue is how to use that formula to calculate merit and how to access that formula in merit calculator fix this problem so student by this custom formula can also calculate merit by marks of classes, enetry test, also if hafize quran.



In “More” page in first row of tools the “Dates” button box after clicking on it  on page the stats it shows  for “open now, closing soon, upcoming” boxes is not updated, backend database not working just these ae static stats make their bacjend working make them updated everytime.
In more in “Dates” correct “Application Open” “Deadline”  “Entry Test”  dates for all admission, tests  are required needed. Also “Apply now” buttons are not working.
In  Compre Universities correct  Ranking , programs, facilitiesm fee range, hostel(yes or no) , scholarship all this data of all universities is reuirednow itshows wrog data in comparison  make it comparison 100% based on updated correct data.
In more page  in “Compare Universities” page the  “Select universities” dropdown bar which is visible at end of compare universities page remove that bar theres no need of that field.
In more in “Merit Data” button in tools row  which is second row of page thats the last button merit data dodnot show accurate last year merits.

In more page in “My Goals” whwen we click “Add” to add goal it just ask for goal name it did not ask for deadline also allow student to set deadline forwhen he choose  any temple from “Quick templates” . for “Create Goal” when student make his custom goal now just goal name field is present also  add one more field so he set deadline for that goal. After creating goal the  the milestone which appears when we click “View” on that goal  that milestones checkmarks are not working for all created goals make that checkmarks working also makecheckmarks editable which student made sustom his own and keep quick templtes checkmarks remain uneditable but all checkmarks of custm made na dquicktemplte functional.
Show accurate stats in “My goals” page.
In more  in “Admission Chance Calculator” ask both inter and matric marks idodnot know I am giving correct suggestion or not you itself choose what I best for merit chance calculator than this calculator donot calculate correct chance percentage mean it did not correct universities an corrcet marks even I enter low percentage low marks  it show  cjhnce in top university top program what is this make correct chances predication based on facts merits, and marks, 
Also the share results button in whole recommended universities lists based on marks during whatsppa or intasharing it just send merit chance of first listed university correct this that it share correct results. And when marks are bad accordindg it share honest message .not like fair chance but clear messge need improvement like this in encouging way.

In more in “Badges” when we create achievements by clicking on premade templtes also from custom achievemnt it aks for uni name which we select through list add program name na dmerit list date also add one more field in which student enter at what was his merit percentage through which he crack that testand show that exct same percentage in attend celebration card achievement , now card show dummy 85% which is wrong add one field by which student enter itself field and then he neter percentage which then as percntge with % symbol show in celebration , in celebration card when he add images and clicknow ther is no option that when I returns back he see that imges which he eneteer in celebrationcard make sure user can gain everytime by clicking on themcan saw them “”Share Merit Card” button is not working now some type of invoke virtual method java.string. android.net.uri.getscheme() ona null object reference ERROR and donot share make my achhievemnt full working by fixing alla changes I tell you make them 100% complete 100% correctly working.

In more page in “Help and support” all pages “Submit” “Submit Feedback” buttons are not working 0% working of these buttons on help and support support make alla send ,submit buttons on alla hlpe and support pages and subpages working100% that they send feedback , that messge to database and when send show confirmation congratulation message sent we will get back to you soosn.
In more in “help an dsupport” page under “Quick hep ” the “Scholrship Eligibilty” box button is not working not showing eligibility page info make it working.
In help  more in “Saved” buttons it did not store actual  favurite data no backend datdabase, no updation now its0% working make it correct complete 100% working.
In whole app make sure that in each university realted field where drop down of universities comesmake sure before each university name correct logo is shown exact same which iss hown in universities page list.

In more page in horizontal box  of “Report Wrong Data” in all subpages all in that page the 6 buttons listed like for merit, fee structure, dates and deadlines, enetry tests, university info, scholarships in all theses “Serach bar ” in all thses pages and its subpages of report of wrong data “Serach bar is not correctly performing correct search when enter dat even it5% working make it100% correctly working correctly it search” and when submitting that application make sure at admin end it must reciieve.
In more Also all the page and subpages of “Report wrong data” from top of pages they are overlapped, submerged correct ui of wrong data pages all apges all 1 main front page and 6 repective button pages make ui correction so it not looks submereged.



In kidszone after clicking on “Explore Careers” and click any acreer after it an dat very end of that career page when I take quiz the “Programmer” there was no question make programmer career quiz 3 questions quiz also again acheck all careers again tha for all careers in take quiz questions must present .
When in kidzone in explore career in specific career whenat very botton we click quiz and take quiz when we let say we choose second option or third option in answers but the orage outer box lining remin on 1st option why this make sure the box which student choose the ornge higlted  lining of boxvisble on that option and at end of quiz show correct result and tell about acorrect if more correct this career is or you if wrong then according it honest answer implement this for all careers in “Career explore”.
In kidzone “My Goals” implent same changes I tell you for  main app “My Goals”( In more page in “My Goals” whwen we click “Add” to add goal it just ask for goal name it did not ask for deadline also allow student to set deadline forwhen he choose  any temple from “Quick templates” . for “Create Goal” when student make his custom goal now just goal name field is present also  add one more field so he set deadline for that goal. After creating goal the  the milestone which appears when we click “View” on that goal  that milestones checkmarks are not working for all created goals make that checkmarks working also makecheckmarks editable which student made sustom his own and keep quick templtes checkmarks remain uneditable but all checkmarks of custm made na dquicktemplte functional.
Show accurate stats in “My goals” page.
)
In kidzone in “Subjects Guides” when after clicking the when student select  “All subject” page which is second subpage in subject guide page the ui of all subjects buttons is very vertical very narrow make ui ver bad make these buttons shapes in “All subjects” correct  correct ui shapes of buttons. 
In kidzone in “Subjects Guides” when student select “Subjects Groups ” or  “All subject”  subpage of main subject guide page at very bottom in both pages “Quick Career Paths” all 4 questions boxes buttonsof want to be doctor, software engineer, CA, lawyer all these 4 boxes are not clickbale donot show rodmap path page make them clcikbale and direct them to correct path page.
Merit calculator button in app is very prominent many places but custom merit formula is little hidden in app


In whole app in many places many buttons through which student share  his calculated merit or aggregate or achievement or anything with whatspp , inst make sure it shre corresponding correct messge through social media ppa like if marks low it idnot show congrtas or fair chance it show clearly in message need hardword, improvement and tell honest clear corrcedidng to marks maessge in social media messages inw hole appa even in app or in kidzone sharinag 
